Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're sideways. We might have to flip the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the
Brittney: High read. I'm sorry. I didn't hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm well good morning and I sometimes if one side of the phone will straight, now. But this one's got you sideways maybe try
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Brittney: Good work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. I don't know why that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, very cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, so it's been on my mind that you were planning to
Brittney: Take
Gwenevere Abriel: Her pretty
Gwenevere Abriel: Quickly. Right. Right. And
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you tell me a little bit about how many milligrams. You've been taking for how many days or what you're going through.
Brittney: I've been on point five new drop down
Brittney: Great.
Brittney: How many been a week one week. Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What I heard because I was concerned about you. Right. So I was in this is outside my lane.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I did tell her I was meeting with you if she could make yourself available if you guys needed to real quick, like kind of really stay on top of it. But, but let me just check in with you first what what I said, Okay, well, if I meet with Brittany. This is what I'm going to say
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's good to stay at point two five for two weeks and that I didn't know if you had heard or willing to do or
Brittney: Like where you are. I was planning on trying to drop down to 25 minutes instead of that data for at least two
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so point
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you're nervous. Okay, well then
Brittney: Yeah.
Brittney: Yeah, there was
Brittney: I felt so strong that he did
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you did. Okay. All right. Well, let me hear about that. So you went from point seven five. It's been about a week. You said, and this one you you had some sticky receptors and so it's giving you a hard time, tell me what the physiological tell me all about what you were feeling
Brittney: Is irritable with muscle aches trouble sleeping, but also kind of coincided with preparedness stuff so
Brittney: Put your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body, you know, which
Brittney: Which was a little yeah yeah I had like sweats and stuff. But the thing that I really can't stand the nerve nervous system came into
Brittney: My hands together sometimes like
Brittney: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you do. So something's happening up here now nervous system. You called it pain.
Brittney: Yeah what tingling.
Gwenevere Abriel: And zero to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: How how bad did you get
Brittney: I'm probably like a six or seven. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now that you're at about seven days into it. Has it started to
Brittney: LAUGH I'm starting to feel like I'm almost back
Brittney: To like the center. Yeah, just in time to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're now remember, or let me remember our clarify, you're doing this quickly because of you are concerned about the dental part, right, is that what
Brittney: Yeah, even though I have like this big.
Brittney: What I did to my cheek. It's all swollen. They're scared to turn to another one of those ulcers, because they were getting like pretty big like nickel sized
Brittney: malakal Susan. I mean, which I've never experienced before. I mean, I've always gotten little canker sores, but nothing that
Brittney: Traumatic and then my teeth and just been hurting a lot and I can see a cavity and one of my teeth. I know I have another one that like we need a root canal. I'm terrified of the dentist. Oh, yeah.
Brittney: And I don't have money for it right now, so I was like this just seems like it's getting worse. And so I did a little bit of research on Suboxone and found out that it can cause those sorts of symptoms and so I reached out to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know, it's interesting. The timing on that it's really
Gwenevere Abriel: She's actually been talking to each group, she jumps in. She says, Okay, one more thing and then she talks about the dental hygiene. So at the timing of that is amazing that it came at the same time, but she's already been talking with people about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. It's everybody wishes. There was a super pill that had no side effects and you could solve all of our world's problems I'm
Brittney: In yeah
Brittney: I know
Brittney: It doesn't exist.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't exist. And that's, that's where this courage that you're working with me. You're looking at the hard stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what's going to make the difference. So, but I also have this this strong
Gwenevere Abriel: Need to sort of say,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you go so fast. What's, what's all week. What's three weeks going to do that. Those years did the damage to so it's so easy to try say it's like these couple extra weeks or a month, let's say in the behavioral health part and getting your psyche ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Could be so valuable and it might be an overreaction
Gwenevere Abriel: For these last months when it's really the the damage was done for the years. Do you see what I'm trying to get at. So I
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess that's what's coming up for me. I'm you're doing your tapering your tapering aggressively. You get super, super girl points for that superwoman points for that, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm glad I'm hearing that you're willing to do at least this this extra week to get back to normal. And then, then what's the plan. So let's say we're back here again next Saturday. What, what kind of did you have in mind.
Brittney: I don't think I'm gonna drop rate from 352 point two five. I think for a few days. I'm going to cut one of those force in half. So I'm going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I need to clarify something so I'm wrong. I literally wrote down that you've been at point. Ah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wrong. Okay, I'm so sorry. Okay.
Brittney: No worries. So, so, point, five is a
Brittney: Half like quarter of my two milligrams strip. And so a half of that would be important to five. And so I'm going to take the remaining part of it and cut that in half. I don't know what that equates to because I can do fractions and when
Gwenevere Abriel: We can, but we can do a visual so
Gwenevere Abriel: Itself down 2.25 I'm. Just tell me when you're thinking
Brittney: Point two, five and a half plus so 25 plus 12.5
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
So then
Brittney: No for. Yes, yes.
Hmm.
Brittney: No, that's all right 37.5
Gwenevere Abriel: But you were, you're not wanting to go 2.25 that's the resounding message like that's feeling
Brittney: I want to get there. I just want to do it a bit more slowly.
Brittney: Because I cut. Last time I cut my dosage by a third, and that was intense. I don't want to cut it by half, okay. I mean,
Brittney: Right away.
Brittney: And I'm going to put down to that for three to four days. And that'll drop down to the point, just want to do that a bit slower.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I don't know quite how to write it. Why don't we do this, I'm just going to say
Brittney: It gets 37.5 milligrams my methods. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll say slow progression. Let me just have an even if you don't follow this, that's fine. I just want to reference point. When do you think you'll do what we're calling three sub 37.53
Brittney: I want to try this next weekend. But, oh, I may push down on that week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so tentative and what may make the differences you feeling good again.
Brittney: This yeah I think mental health, too, because it's hard it's I've been struggling. The last few months, and it's been getting to the gym as much. And then what taper. I feel like crap. So it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So at this point, though, just to kind of keep track of it. We're thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Honor about 321 and then would you want to stay on that for a week for a week to two
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think
Brittney: 37.5
Brittney: Uh huh. I was thinking about just doing it for like three to four days and then dropping down to the 25 but I guess I could do it for at least a week and then
Brittney: Why don't you do that.
Brittney: Till I feel good.
Brittney: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we just because keeping the math easy if we just say we just sort of brought it up next to
Gwenevere Abriel: Your name.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean, then you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Because what's really remember that window. It's like, well, it's only off by a few days a week is only seven days. And this is might be that really sticky time for those few clients that I've been able to see go through this last part.
Gwenevere Abriel: They sort of disappear from me. I don't get quite as much involvement. It seems like, then it's just the client in the doc. And I'm like, What about me but I'm my weight, but it sounds like you're here with me still, you're not you
Brittney: Know, yeah, I'm planning on continuing to see you. Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you can pull it off. I just have a feeling this is going to make the difference because you'll have somebody to be able to say okay this is Game on.
Brittney: This is yeah yeah notice a few cravings and stuff.
Brittney: It was kind of scary.
Brittney: Thought that was in the past. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now what I've heard from her. So just, just for number sake.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's transcribe this. We've got tentative start date of 37.5 on March 21 tentative start date of point two five at 328
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's subject to change, and you're going to pay attention to your body going to communicate that as much as you can, however, you are with with Dr. Rob real
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now about that those cravings.
Gwenevere Abriel: The blocks own alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: The way the doc describes the efficacy of this. She just can't speak highly enough of it, how well it gets rid of the craving.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, she just really confident and the two people that I've watched do this over a really long weekend weather was three or four days and then they just go to the lock zone. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not having the craving. So I'm excited. I hope that that does the trick.
Gwenevere Abriel: But again, it's it's anecdotal, it's what people are saying
Gwenevere Abriel: And I didn't get to do any of the outpatient care that this after they just left.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there were right there in a hurry and they, you know, whether it was money or they were most people like what's happening is they leave the state. So they're in a real rush because they don't have a product provider over there and blah, blah, blah. So
Gwenevere Abriel: We get to do this kind of more ideal.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I guess what I'm saying is if it's true that this is the walk zone is what she's describing and if it is indeed what the clients described to her. I'm excited for you because it sounds like this is going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Your big concern, it will address the I'm having the cravings. I'm having them now craving is right. It's just a word. It's just floating around there. Can you bring me into what that was for you. I was here, I had this emotion I had this feeling, and this was my thought.
Brittney: It's working left into one physical pain.
Brittney: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about it. Where were you what was
What was going on.
Brittney: I just like to sleep all through like three to four days and around. I think it's like my stuff like my information and my hips and stuff just really bad. Yeah, so just still
Brittney: Okay, my mind goes to, it would be nice to speak.
Gwenevere Abriel: There read. That's it. That's the one nice to escape.
Brittney: Yeah. Just fill up like okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just sort of thinking I'm awake. I don't want to be awake. I'm noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it not only I'm not sleeping, but I'm also unrest. I'm moving
Brittney: Around in bed. I can't see.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the hips.
Brittney: Knees just felt like all inflammation in my body is turn book.
Brittney: Back. My back's been real mess.
Brittney: That's what I get for throwing myself around like a rag doll down mountains.
Brittney: Like to snowboard too much.
Brittney: Beer. I'm getting too old.
Brittney: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you recognize
Brittney: That these might be
Gwenevere Abriel: From actual injuries, the hip and the back part and the nice rather
Brittney: Yeah, I don't know about my hips. They just such just have your to me and I don't know that's to be determined. But right my back pain. And I have this like shoulder to color pain that's definitely associated with my snowboarding skills here.
Brittney: Okay, and a couple items.
Brittney: Yeah, so always the last run on the day I just decided, I'm not going to go after three o'clock in the afternoon anymore. It's like you're exhausted. It gets IC them and then they eat shit. The call shadow, we
That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think that's important, though, because there's a there's a real time for you with pushing this body of yours because it's also this refuge, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I think the message back to you is this extreme stuff just doesn't work. You can't push it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have to do these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: That work for you. Unfortunately, right, with more moderation and I nobody likes to hear it. I know, but
Brittney: But I mean, I'd rather be able to go for half day not hurt Russell.
Brittney: But you can always get her though, I need to get a helmet and some knee braces and there's there's some precautions. I could take that I don't take, you know, to me,
Brittney: All right, I'll try to do it smarter.
Brittney: Okay, but I don't think too many years left in thinking about trying to learn to ski because people don't seem to be on their butts as much skiing, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I I've never had any kind of thing. I'm not a big skier, but the skiing and then I see what what y'all go through with the snowboarding. And I just, I'm in all
Brittney: It's like my favorite
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Brittney: No hard to give up.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're worth it. Right. I mean, at what point do we say since you haven't been able to do this, this awareness of limitation with the snowboarding right exhaustion is real, like we have to say, I'm tired. I'm not at my best.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you've kind of bypass those things.
Brittney: You're putting out danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it doesn't mean giving it up, it means I've got to pay more attention. And that's the work that we're doing here is paying attention to you and the messages.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we've got it would be nice to escape. Now I want to know, laying in bed, you feel here feel it. Oh, it would be nice to escape as soon as that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Voice of addiction. That's the one that says, Wouldn't it be nice. Come on. Look, we got great evidence, you've got paying here pointed out, you got here, here, here. Come on, come on, come on, how many seconds. Do you stay there feeding that thought.
Brittney: It's quick, it's real quick, like five seconds or less. It's not something I dwell on or I I take seriously, it's just, it's just in my poor me moments.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well it. This is actually very tangible
Brittney: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be nice to escape that was a real thought
Gwenevere Abriel: What real thought came in encountered it
Brittney: I'm
Brittney: Just that I don't want to be that person.
Brittney: Unless it's a slippery slope, know what I mean.
Brittney: It can't be just one, but I have about trying to go see a pain specialists to try to fix some of this and find some alternatives. If there are any that will help me.
Brittney: Because I don't know. I don't know what's out there. I know, my friend. Brandi has like a bulging disc thing. And she told me about like a
Brittney: Horrible full song thing that's non addictive. It doesn't get too high, but it like takes away her back. Okay, really well. So I'm going to see if there any other options so
Gwenevere Abriel: The only right. I don't have a lot of resources that I will say there is a gal here. I'm assuming that you already know about Dr. Ken del she's the chronic pain person, I think.
Brittney: Oh, good. No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm not. I'm going to say something, but don't have confidence in the schedule because
Gwenevere Abriel: My nose isn't in it, like, are you there, or did she show up and did to death but my recollection is it's every other Wednesday 130 in the afternoon. Now I could be wrong, but I know there's been a couple of clients.
Gwenevere Abriel: That have gone and met with her and I have heard Dr rail say everything she says is right in line with her belief system. So it's not you know it's not reinforcing addictive behavior, things like that. So that sounds encouraging.
Brittney: You know, she can order, Mr eyes is that, do you have any idea.
Brittney: It's a great. Let me see something
I was hoping
Doc would be awake right now and I could
Brittney: I don't think she's up yet. And, you know, I'd done on my hips so
Brittney: Hopefully that would give me some answers. I don't even know where to go from there. But
So can conductor.
Brittney: Sure, it's nice to line it up with my period because that's what it seems to flare up and everything's gravy. So
Our
Guys.
I'm asking
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm here with I'm letting her kind of in on a little like saying, hey, we're talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Pain.
Management, Doc.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless you don't want me to say anything that's up to you.
Brittney: No, no, that's fine.
Brittney: I appreciate. I mean, to get moving on, on that solutions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, heck, even if if someone tells me acupuncture works, man. Go ahead and stick them in there.
Brittney: You know, and we're going to try some dry needling
Brittney: Oh, and on a little scared about that because it was at the physical therapy place like this environment needles looking
Brittney: Do this in a doctor's office.
Gwenevere Abriel: Little bit more hygiene needed
Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I put skiing how funny. I've got skiing and my brain. Instead of asking
Brittney: Yeah, I think like my back and shoulder stuff is definitely from the snowboarding, but that's been short term, those are so obviously been in the last three months or so it's the hip thing that
Gwenevere Abriel: That has remember
Brittney: The hips. It's been five years.
Brittney: I can't
Brittney: Get to the point where real fed up.
Brittney: With my being.
Gwenevere Abriel: What where we're in the hip do to know the name of the part that
Brittney: Really did my pelvis. It's from here to here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that's not that. So right now, are you saying it's tissue level right there. The hip flexor
Brittney: I think it is. I think it's great here, but that is rate where all those tendons like bend into the hip. So I don't know. Okay. Yeah, but it's like hip flexor my the end of Dr. So they refer to that as ling ling ling.
Brittney: We will maybe. Yeah. When, when I think oh alright so
Gwenevere Abriel: This whole time I was thinking, I'm glad you stood up and showed me because I had this this
Gwenevere Abriel: Image in my mind that it was
Gwenevere Abriel: In the barn.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like the outside. I thought it was literally you were having some sort of bone pain and now. Okay.
Brittney: I don't know really because it does feel like I have like
Brittney: A very limited range of motion. And when I hit that it kind of feels like it could be an impingement. But they didn't see evidence of an impingement on my x ray, at least from like a bone. So, but I feel like it is kind of more the tissues surrounding
Brittney: Because they flare up and then I will
Brittney: run down my leg. Sometimes I'll get paid up around my hip to but
Brittney: Not as often.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish I knew more about the hormonal changes and how it affects inflammation. I wish, I wish. That was something I had more knowledge around
Brittney: Which anyone many doctors even have
Brittney: Period.
Brittney: ones I've talked to
Gwenevere Abriel: The practitioners that they're just they're not affordable. Are these I forget what they're called, but they're, they're not holistic, but they are basically they're sort of functional practitioners and
Gwenevere Abriel: Insurance companies doesn't pay don't pay for them. Unfortunately, but I have a feeling. Those are the kind of clinicians that you would need is to really be able to analyze just this whole
Brittney: This whole bottom. Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I do find osteopaths in their training are much more holistic if you have a choice to go to an MD or do at least do is have what, wait a minute, any doctor can order an MRI. She writes might you be referring to pain, doctor, Dr. Tracy Jackson. Whoops, I said, Kendall, hey, my dad. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, Dr. Jackson. Hey,
Brittney: I was talking to, I don't know if my insurance will pay for it or if that would have to be paid out of my deductible. I'm hoping they'll just cover it, but I'll have to see.
Brittney: Cuz my the doctor who I talk to you about. And then each radio says it's on my options are like surgery or pain management, if that's what's causing it basically
Brittney: And I can do like the idea to try to keep the hormones from being really bad. Um, but he said that
Brittney: likely they'll try to make me do a cast down, but the house like 50 times in a radiation is an X ray for and where Mrs. Don't have any radiation. So that's like a pretty you know sacred part of the body and I really need a ton of radiation, like one of my reproductive organs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we have touched on these. I want to jump into maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Hearing a little bit more about sort of the cognitive frame. I've heard a little bit about the negative thinking and you said, I don't want to be that person so
Gwenevere Abriel: For now, are we talking about, I don't want to be that out it. I don't want to be the one that has that life where I'm constantly having to
Brittney: Yeah yeah I don't. I just don't want to be upset with myself, you know, hold myself accountable.
Brittney: Right, I talk. I like I'm really proud of the amount of time have been completely
Brittney: I know I will start back to day one, you
Brittney: Know, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we can we celebrate that a little bit by talking about the skills because their skills, even if it's that counter thought
Gwenevere Abriel: Or remembering things like I'm worth it. That's an actual behavior, you can minimize that that shifting that thinking is a behavior. So can we name them this morning. Let's name on, let's get behind it. Let's reinforce them. What are you doing differently that you are really proud of.
Brittney: I think just
Brittney: loving myself more and creating boundaries.
Brittney: And those are the two biggest like changes.
Brittney: Huge
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to hear. I want to hear about where you honored your own
Brittney: Preference your
Gwenevere Abriel: Own need your own want
Gwenevere Abriel: The love of you and you didn't let someone's
Gwenevere Abriel: Craziness or accusation or label or whatever it was, tell me a story about where you
Brittney: Detected
Your space.
Brittney: I'm from myself and the story is a few days.
Brittney: I was like, pretty depressed and started crying and driving home.
Brittney: I was just lying on falling into bed and doing absolutely nothing all night, but
Brittney: I talked myself out of it.
Brittney: Went down by the river and walked for like an hour and a half.
Brittney: And it really did help. And then I came home and I have motivation to clean.
Brittney: And cook and do stuff that I wouldn't have done otherwise I think I just told myself.
Brittney: That it's a choice to get into it and like it's a choice to stay in that depressive number to try to find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is a tricky piece because it's not like I'm saying that I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: A depleted amount of serotonin isn't a real thing. It's a real thing. So I walk this this delicate line right. It's like, how do I build its chemical and at the same time. That's true. You do have a choice. But if we say that a part of a combination is
Gwenevere Abriel: A particular kind of thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Can increase or decrease a chemical response.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we can kind of put the two together. So when you were in touch with nature, which for you has a very much a spiritual connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and water. I mean,
Brittney: That's just right.
Brittney: Now I'm starting to realize how
Brittney: Important water is
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Brittney: Though it is a really look if I if I
Brittney: Earth sign would probably be that even though I brought
Brittney: Water makes me feel lively
Gwenevere Abriel: And remember the original imagery was mountains, you're in kind of water. Right. And those mountains around you. That's the way I'm remembering it.
Brittney: As pretty
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty important yeah don't deny that just being present with it.
Brittney: And I've been
Brittney: Trying to develop the creative side of my brain more to
Brittney: Just I've been, you know, doing photography
Brittney: Stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about that. I didn't know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Brittney: Ever thought that I could be
Brittney: Creative like I just felt like
Brittney: Something was just not connecting
Brittney: Oh, it's just like
Brittney: Encouraged my friends who have artistic ability stuff.
Brittney: Thought that I would never be good enough to create
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay but but but hold on to that is it, is it possible right now is it
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm giving
Gwenevere Abriel: There, there's a crack in the door that it might be that I have access to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Brittney: Yeah, just feel like I believe
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay that's grief.
That's grief.
Brittney: And and
Gwenevere Abriel: The way through grief magic recipe.
Brittney: You have to actually do it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And crying belongs so that that typical thing where you do is you say, I hate this emoting I hated about me. Look at me, I'm nope, you're supposed to
Gwenevere Abriel: You're supposed to be able to say this was the image of myself and I'm grieving it. It's not that
Brittney: Media like I'm starting to see a difference in my crime like when I get upset when I'm stressed out versus what about actually feeling emotion. You know what I mean.
Brittney: Yeah, it's a different thing.
It is
Gwenevere Abriel: It's neat that you can catch it like that.
Brittney: I'm starting to see that.
Brittney: I don't allow myself to
Brittney: Short, short thing not
Brittney: Crying all night. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I heard again. I heard choice. I heard
Brittney: I can get
Gwenevere Abriel: In I can see it as a useful important part of my process.
Brittney: Works very
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard to get to the water and to walk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Renewed happened. Do you remember when you actually left the water and you kind of went back to the house to kind of do cleaning and
Brittney: Cooking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember what you were thinking at the time when you made your way back
Brittney: Just felt inspired
Brittney: Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been able to take some pictures of nature of water of mountain of those things that inspire you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you keeping them to yourself. Are you sharing them with people. What do you do with them.
Brittney: I share someone Instagram, but I'm really weird about what I shared and you know that goes back to the
Brittney: Self loving thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, the, the medium itself doesn't lend it to too much vulnerability. It just doesn't
Brittney: Yeah. Yeah, you gotta jump to yourself. I've been thinking about making a Reddit anonymous and I can actually say,
Brittney: Talk about vision talk about whatever I feel like
Brittney: I wish that could be a bigger part of
Brittney: What I will
Gwenevere Abriel: Say that again, but with more detail. Let me hear more about that. I want to understand
Brittney: You know, maybe being able to help people who haven't gone through addiction understand a little bit more
Brittney: Because I feel like there's a
Brittney: Our systems just broken
OK.
Brittney: Super broken, so there's anything I can do to help the people and then also I want to rant about her. She
Brittney: Stuff. I can't. I mean, I did a little bit of Instagram, but
Brittney: I don't go crazy.
Brittney: It would be cooler to have an open platform where you can have real conversations without people attaching your face your life to
Brittney: Be like you're contradicting yourself or you know
Brittney: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think keeps you from registering around an account.
Brittney: I just started the new model like this last week. So it hasn't been on the table for very long. My friend uses a lot
Brittney: He's like she likes it, and he hates social media, he doesn't have a Facebook.
Brittney: And I feel like Instagrams, just like for the mass hysteria content and this is
Brittney: That it's so healthy
So you can be
Brittney: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: The focus is less on
Gwenevere Abriel: How is someone else is
Brittney: Contributing affecting you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your focus is shifting its to I want to contribute, I have something to say I have something to express now tendency right if I've been listening is you're going to interrupt that you're going to keep yourself from doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the reason you're going to keep yourself from doing that. Do you think
Fear.
Brittney: Uh huh. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fear. Some one's going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Type words that are critical and contradictory. Yeah.
Brittney: Yeah, and
Brittney: It's just hard to be vulnerable.
Brittney: I mean I feel like I already have to deal with that more than other people because of my emotional responses. So it's like
Brittney: I guess I I haven't heard her and
Brittney: I think that might be like, why I didn't miss your art to its ability
Brittney: putting yourself out there to be judged. You go, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice what's happening right now. I just saw a little wave that you deprived yourself.
Didn't you
Brittney: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Big deal. I don't have access. I don't have a right to it. And that's starting to change you're putting your little toe in there and I
Brittney: Yeah, I'm trying to
Brittney: Get back to
Brittney: I felt like
Brittney: When I was younger.
Brittney: You know, both and I still I still do some degree, but there are
Brittney: avenues that I haven't gone down because
Brittney: I'm planning on
Brittney: Organizing like a big clean updating on the trash on but
Brittney: I've been planning it for two months and I haven't done it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what if I can't tell the difference. And you know what it is. I've been planning it
Gwenevere Abriel: Like not done it. So tell me,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what what do it would be. There's an action in there that quote unquote
Brittney: Does it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feels like
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the doing part that's missing.
Brittney: Money left to buy some supplies.
Brittney: Some of it.
Brittney: I don't know, maybe I would be a little upset of people didn't show up.
Brittney: But I don't know if I would be
Brittney: Here.
Brittney: Sorry much it's bothering me.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me about the planning.
Brittney: I've picked the first location by my work.
Brittney: You can tell where the city stops taking care of their like the big long ways that people like walking, biking forums on traveling by the mountain.
Brittney: If they stop taking care of it like rate up where the shopping center starts and like that whole path. It's just covered in trash. So I think that's where you start because it's by my work in the dread cast
Gwenevere Abriel: Could be an interesting experience for you is
The second to have the impulse
People over you go pick
Gwenevere Abriel: Next time you go into your car, you have recyclable bags or whatever it is you think that you're going to use to contain these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can be a little naive around some of this, so forgive me if
Brittney: I am no I am too bored as far as that goes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
Brittney: So one
Gwenevere Abriel: That's because that's not the part of the, the part that predict pieces are coming
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that an irrational almost fear of it. So there's this is an exposure therapy thing would be a second I thought of it. What does she say to do. I pulled off and I went in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I drove over and I'm like, There is literally nothing wrong with what I'm about to do. I'm going to take care of my planet and
Gwenevere Abriel: Your planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: It needs it needs what what you have to give it badly and you connect with it on a deep level and there's no dissonance. It's pure you pull over, you get it. You pick it up.
Brittney: And you
Gwenevere Abriel: Find out Wait a minute, I'm doing I'm doing exactly what feels right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's anybody going to say
Gwenevere Abriel: What could they possibly say
Brittney: After Sally's
Gwenevere Abriel: Approximation um
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I just remind you of some real simple pieces around procrastination.
Brittney: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did these have been very useful. And even if I've said that before we forget them because we go back to our old way of looking at our tasks.
Gwenevere Abriel: I truly do believe
Gwenevere Abriel: That it is those four seconds from that thought notice right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back to this one. I laid in bed and I i had a thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be nice to escape. And how long did it last.
Brittney: Less than
Gwenevere Abriel: Five right if you left it there, there was potential. It could be fueled by that brain. It could just give you evidence for how that's that's the escape route, it can work the other way to
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I said the second. So here's what happens. You have
Gwenevere Abriel: Four seconds, let's say, and just suspend disbelief. If it's four and a half or it's six or whatever, just, let's just go with these four or five seconds. So you've got five seconds to
Gwenevere Abriel: A second to have the thought, you have to stand up and you have to go do it because the mind will come in and convince you to not risk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rejection criticism. It's not worth it. It's not worth. It's not worth it. It's design is to keep you safe, which means social safety to
Gwenevere Abriel: Write for the reject and the abandonment. The all fail or maybe I'll succeed. I mean, that stuff. It just gets super complicated, but notice how that can all flood in fractions of a second. That's why I'm saying when you're driving
Gwenevere Abriel: You recognize you're driving closer to that exit. You know it's there. The second to have the thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: You turn the clicker on and you change lanes and you get off the exit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you've already gotten off the exit.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to, it's so much more likely that you're going to go. I find a picture with the tram is. Is that near Albuquerque. Is that the one in between.
Brittney: Yeah, so it's the travel is the road that life.
Brittney: is parallel to
Brittney: The mountain so it goes all it's that last rude, you can get to that you take them to the casino and stuff. I don't know if you've been here. Yeah, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I say right on whatever that freeway is I go Albuquerque Santa Fe. I've done that.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm probably off a little bit, but basically you get the point. You pull off and you do it, the likelihood that you will continue in that trajectory
Gwenevere Abriel: Is so much higher because now watch what could possibly be the contradictory evidence to not do to not continue to drive and go Park and I walked out and I saw that trash and I picked it up and I put it in the bag.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that much like what it is when you went to the river and you took it in. But this has an added piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're giving back you're you're helping. You're not just taking you're giving your
Brittney: Something
Gwenevere Abriel: You have the energy
Gwenevere Abriel: At the thought you are intimately a part of this planet. You feel it in a deeper way than many people do. And so there's no dissonance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dissonance means sort of this opposite belief that sort of contradicts right it's pure and simple, and you just go do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when asked you, what are you doing it like this, some trash share looks like it's been here for a few months. And, you know, our findings kind of broken down to do you want to join me doing it to
Gwenevere Abriel: This
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no problem here, it just pick it up and then what do I do with it.
Brittney: You worry about that. Maybe I over commodified with making it needs to be this big thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's later this
Year.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to know in real time, this, this will have I already know you are this highly intelligent woman did all that other stuff all that planning business all the
Gwenevere Abriel: Social part how to market it a blah, blah, blah. I don't need to check in on that I already know that you've got all the skills necessary that the part that I can be of service is you getting out of your own way.
Brittney: Yeah need gotten several areas of my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one skill this hammer works on my roof. It works on my window. It works on this nail
Gwenevere Abriel: That one hammer. It's not for baking a cake. That's true. But this one hammer can do a lot of different things, but that one skill. So, this is it. These are the two things you have five seconds. That's a deadline and that speaks to the second piece of it. There has to be a constraint.
Gwenevere Abriel: Weird thing about us and I may have talked to you about it, but we have to have a deadline, notice that I've got to get to work. You have to be there and an early in here when people are like, oh, I want to go to therapy talk about my
Brittney: Literally every time because I want to sleep.
Brittney: But
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something that compels you about this deadline, you said it and you've made a commitment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when
Gwenevere Abriel: I know this might seem really weird. But when you say if you really buy into this. I have five seconds to take action.
Gwenevere Abriel: I kid you not, I have studied more I have back to back, gotten more done because the second I have it that meal is made that this thing is done. This is done. People are exercising, they're doing because they didn't wait for the brand to convince you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that's not going to work out your brain and I and I'm grateful for the piece that has kept you safe. I am
Gwenevere Abriel: But you need to use other skills and this one right here. The second I have the thought I'm going to schedule this MRI. I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Call and get certain doctors numbers. I'm going to walk outside. I'm going to clean the cabinet in my my bath, whatever it is just like a river you you can't delay, you have to see that those five seconds are the constraint with urgency.
Brittney: Yeah, I would say that I've noticed that even because that when I made the decision to go to the river. I got a little distracted in here for like 20 minutes, maybe I should go was like, No, you're going to get your ass up and get out of the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And notice that you once you've got up, it's unlikely. You're going to sit back down. You're already okay well I mean even I'm already moving in that direction, it's so bizarre your all your intention is already manifesting forward and you're going
Gwenevere Abriel: And I guess because you're so intelligent I worry that maybe you think this is just tiny or something.
Brittney: No. It sums make sense. Like even if I don't go do the big action if I do something part of the planning.
Brittney: A step forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: This pulling over and going and picking up trash. That's the only thing you have to do, Brittany,
Gwenevere Abriel: The plan or the executive functioning this one up here, the one that's so intelligent, the one that can
Gwenevere Abriel: Both notice things in the now and plan things in the future that's up here in the front of the brain. I know you've got that.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one I'm trying to address has to do with more amygdala stuff that you're not trustworthy, that if you came up with this idea. It's not going to be good. It's going to be flawed. It's going to right that's the one I'm trying to address.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not worried about the secondary gain of let's say you follow through with this, you're going to here's what I already assume you're going to know from driving over there. Oh, hey.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, you know what I just realized I'm going to make sure I have a really nice map.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to be precise about the exit number on it for people that are visual it'll be a left turn at the such and such. And I'll notice. Oh, where's the place to park with these things. I already know you're going to pay attention to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know what you don't know until you go do it. But the part that's in the biggest part of the way is just following
Gwenevere Abriel: Your intuition, you go do it. And then we see what comes because once you get there, you're going to notice some things
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, that could I need to make that a part of the plan or you're going to notice as you're doing it the terrain. Oh, I want to remember to tell people to wear comfy shoes. No sandals you it's all of that is going to come
Gwenevere Abriel: And it'll be interesting. And you'll take in information that you weren't
Gwenevere Abriel: You wouldn't have had access to, if you had just gone and done it all and that's going to come in line, but you're getting there. This is part of these five seconds. Just get off your ass that one.
Yeah.
Brittney: We need
Gwenevere Abriel: But if what you take away from today is
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to have a deadline so
Brittney: You're telling me. I really do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't talked to you about the guy that video, the master procrastinator guy that one.
I haven't talked to you about now.
Brittney: Cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have time to show you the video but
Brittney: On YouTube
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Brittney: You just type
Gwenevere Abriel: Type in master procrastinator. He's, he's he's adorable.
Brittney: He's got
Gwenevere Abriel: A key. It's really cute. It's worth every little minute of it. You'll have a little giggle throughout. He laughs at himself and TED talk, but it's not your usual TED talk. He's, he's very informal
Gwenevere Abriel: T shirt jeans kind of guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the takeaway, and the part that if for some reason you forget this. It has to do with this part people that are, let's say, trying to write their PhD thesis there. They have this massive open. There's no deadline. It's just out there nebulous.
Gwenevere Abriel: They keep wasting time.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not writing
Gwenevere Abriel: Because there's no deadline, we need them. And as much as out loud, we may say I hate it. I think all the time constraints. If you're thinking about it and sort of are grateful to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: You take that and we will we'll wait to the last minute. But wait, if there's no deadline or last minute we keep moving the five seconds, like out like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not done.
You've
Gwenevere Abriel: Done you've given yourself. And that's the thing with an entrepreneur, they have to set their own deadlines or they keep pushing it away.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got to stick to it. And so it's these two concepts. It's you've only got about five seconds before the the monkey mind comes in, says no, there's no no no we want to play. We want to rest and he's going to talk about that monkey mind or whatever. It's adorable.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the rational mind is like, Listen, there's a finite amount of time here. You know, you're going to have to go work and we've got these other obligations and that monkey brain is like let's play pushes them aside.
Gwenevere Abriel: But anyway, so he's going to explain
Gwenevere Abriel: What was it, he's gonna say, I don't want to ruin the punch line because I want you to enjoy the video.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the bottom line is if you get if you really have a constraint. What we do is wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait, okay, hurry up and get it done. We do it right up but it up against this, but if you don't have one.
Brittney: And you just don't do it at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's two things you have about five seconds before the monkey mind comes in and says, Oh, wouldn't rusting be better for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. You don't have time to second afterthought. You get up even if it's standing up, you'll work out what you're doing. You get up and put the shoes on. You grab your keys. Why do I have my keys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I have this one man. I'm gonna go do this. And the second thing is, see that those five seconds are the constraint. You have to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Another way to set commitment is you tell us
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's risky but when we notice how you made a commitment to me. There's something in here where maybe I don't really want to piss off what a beer or let her down. I don't know why you're motivated, but it worked.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's bypass the, the one that says I want a snooze. I'm so glad I can do that when I make a commitment to someone, I either have a little respect for or something, whatever you recognize in here and you risk you tell someone about it. They
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it. And then guess what you have a constraint. You've made it
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Brittney: I feel like I feel like that works. I need to to work on progress estimation. They I feel like I usually get around to stuff, but it's like it takes me a while like today, we're going rock her name name have to go first and fluoride.
Brittney: And I've been chatting with this guy on Instagram for a while, who goes out and does a lot of rock candy.
Brittney: And it took me a while to like actually make the plan to go. So now we're going. It's just hard when steps outside of the comfort zone.
Brittney: But I have to like talk myself into it over to like reach
Brittney: So I like the plan. I like the Glam
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice it was a commitment to another human and Now guess what you're going to keep it.
Brittney: Yeah, it's usually
Brittney: I try to keep as much as I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: They help, they help. Most of us were
Brittney: Like if I would have slept there my alarm. This morning I woke up feeling crappy and upset at myself, you know, so I
Brittney: Think they recognize that
Gwenevere Abriel: By those two things, the moment you have the inspiration there. I don't have time to go into all of the benefits of what that's going to do for yourself to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Your self esteem, your identity self love if you have the idea
Brittney: Don't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Have many more seconds left before you will end up not doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You only have five seconds only have five seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: And start making commitments, because guess what, that's the constraint, you need to go get it done those two things don't have to call yourself a procrastinator anymore because we all are. I am HE IS SHE IS ALL OF US ARE
Gwenevere Abriel: We are. We're just better at maybe making a commitment, like I said I was going to go do this. I invited people over I did this thing where it was kid I set up a contingent right I was now the responsible one now. Right. I gotta do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, pointed me now instead of saying, you know, what have I done no see that we're all like that we all need those they compel us to move forward, otherwise our mind all of our minds will tell us stay in bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have anything broken in you. There's nothing wrong. We all have that
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So share a little bit about what you notice was important for you today. Just, just do a nice little have that rewind of of how today was and get little pictures and what seems important to you.
Brittney: I just I like I like the action plan this, I've never thought of. I've never thought of just, I've never really broke down just getting up the second I think it will make a difference to me. I feel like I'm like if I'm ill prepared. I can't do it, you know.
Brittney: For us as an excuse for what, but I think it's a good plan. I
Brittney: Think that's probably my biggest takeaway today.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope you don't
Take
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 seconds and convince yourself that it's not a good plan. Right. I hope you immediately do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hang up with me whatever comes up just
Brittney: Thinking of getting up and going to try to get my passport photos done
Brittney: Yeah, we're trying
Brittney: Me in a dinner time to plan a trip to Costa Rica for my 30th birthday. I
Brittney: See always coronavirus crap I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a passport photo anyway. See how you're thinking. You're too far. You get up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You already need a passport, you need a passport photo. We're seeing as you have a $5 passport photo but there's no to this.
Brittney: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That brain working way. You don't need all that, get it, get it, go get a passport photo. That's as far as you need to get hang up with me. Let's pull before you do, let's set another appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go, go. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so today is right 14. Oh, I already have you in here for March 19 at seven.
Brittney: on a Thursday.
Brittney: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Do you want me to also put you in for the next Thursday to protect that that time spot.
Brittney: Yeah, I mean, I'm okay with doing it on the weekends. I just don't know if you're always working
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't be always
Brittney: Good, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's been a nice run, but that might change.
Brittney: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's do this. And if you hear my voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got five seconds for any get up, just do it. I know all of the reasons why I made it to that thought will all come in line, you have all the skills necessary to do
Brittney: All the other parts of it. Okay. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You can hang up hang
Up.
Brittney: Okay.
Brittney: great fun.
See I
Don't have your face.
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's been a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I get a note open probably if it's been a month. That means we got to check in on the goals, a little bit right a little something something
Gwenevere Abriel: There was some I think travel that that you were doing was that a positive thing for you. I don't remember what the text was, well, we have to
Rochelle Martinez: My niece and her is needed to come down from Idaho.
Rochelle Martinez: And me and my mom had to go pick them up some
Rochelle Martinez: Fun working
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like we met. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you did an activity with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Called MTR. What was that like for you.
Rochelle Martinez: It was good. It's like
Rochelle Martinez: I don't know. It just made me like being more than I usually do like
Rochelle Martinez: Just, um,
Rochelle Martinez: I guess. Find a safe.
Rochelle Martinez: But nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice you were more irritable less irritable.
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice anything, you know, even a few days after
Rochelle Martinez: I'm trying to think back to then I can't even
Remember,
Rochelle Martinez: Remember, but I don't remember like
Rochelle Martinez: I was in her method blurry. I'd be lying if I say something
Rochelle Martinez: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: So for most people, they they remember because there's a such a change such a distinct change. So my guess is not too much significant irritability, no intrusive thoughts, no change in nightmare content dream content. No, no huge changes right
Rochelle Martinez: Okay. All right. That's, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's convenient. Now that might happen. That's, that's one of the sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: downsides of this particular intervention that for some people, when they're working through some
Gwenevere Abriel: What I would say a neural network that's been cut off for the rest of it typically it's around a trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: If they've been cut off from it, it means that there's now more connections and it's starting to come into the thoughts unexpectedly for a little while until we kind of get, get it processed that can happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I just want to keep cautioning my clients about that, that if there is, irritability, there is something that's going on. You might want to remember. Oh, this could be a byproduct of this em Dr work I'm doing. I want to make sure I tell one of your about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, and just, you know, like if it feels like it's coming out of nowhere, then it's like, okay, I understand why.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got
Gwenevere Abriel: There's been some
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll say concern not your wording, but thinking about how will I handle myself if I run into my x, where are you around that nowadays are your thoughts going and such.
Rochelle Martinez: I don't even think I'm worried or even concerned anymore like he's been out there.
Rochelle Martinez: For months and they, I think that level anxiety is gone now.
Rochelle Martinez: I don't know. I've had some anxiety at night and I can't like
Rochelle Martinez: I can't figure out where it's coming from. Maybe
Rochelle Martinez: I just, I've had trouble sleeping like for like the last two weeks, like last and then I think I didn't want to miss this group.
Rochelle Martinez: This individual. So I didn't even see like an all night last night. Like I fall asleep, like 20 minutes, enabling share. I'm not gonna wake up in the morning for group. So I like literally have been up all night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting. Have you ever valued or needed to to be careful, like that before around these
Rochelle Martinez: No budget, I think, because I had, I missed
Gwenevere Abriel: Last one.
Rochelle Martinez: Now with you I it's because I was out of town, but that
Rochelle Martinez: Was it last week, the week before I missed group because the baby had a neurology appointments. It was she gets them done every six months and they just to see the specialist. So I was in all the friggin I just got sidetracked and
Rochelle Martinez: I by the evening I totally spaced out that we had group on that Wednesday. So I missed group and
Rochelle Martinez: I think
Rochelle Martinez: That's part of where it was coming from because I didn't want to miss this one so
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, it ended up keeping you awake.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah. Well, I was just like,
Rochelle Martinez: I guess so tired that I was like, damn, if I fall asleep, then I'm not gonna get up and then knowing that my Chrome was here on the weekend, tell me what the BB
Rochelle Martinez: I was just afraid I was gonna oversleep and not get up, I guess, logical, but I've had trouble all week while I was asleep. It's like I'm getting four hours sleeper, if I'm lucky and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything else change besides
Rochelle Martinez: Just being hmm
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me where you are with the tapering you don't think it has anything to do with a recent taper, nothing like that.
Rochelle Martinez: I haven't tapered anything
Rochelle Martinez: I'm still a one in three quarters.
One of
Rochelle Martinez: The
Rochelle Martinez: Best that I stay there.
Rochelle Martinez: For
Rochelle Martinez: A minute, just I don't even feel like I'm using gift for
Rochelle Martinez: I think I'm using it more for pain management than I am.
Rochelle Martinez: Anything else right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And that's, um, I can't remember who which doctor is trading at this point, is it still Dr Arielle
Rochelle Martinez: And no, I'm with element. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, see we've got 314 20 reports.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stain task one in three fourths strip
Gwenevere Abriel: Using it for pain management. Okay.
Rochelle Martinez: Got one in that one is 300 milligram maybe because I'm not only on the strips so
Rochelle Martinez: I'm on a low. So those
Are
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you've been this way for what Uh oh, you know what, since January, I can see at least
Rochelle Martinez: Okay, six months, I've been on now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even looks like one seven o'clock may have been even November I see it.
Rochelle Martinez: In there, honestly, like October or something. When I went down that know it's like since
Gwenevere Abriel: October. Okay. All right.
To
Do
Rochelle Martinez: We still haven't got any
Rochelle Martinez: Like cravings, or any any like triggering sir granted like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe, could you share a little bit some stories about how you and your daughter getting on.
Rochelle Martinez: Or getting along pretty good. She stays with my mom and my mom's health. So we don't each other as often, but we still see each other, but we seem to be getting along.
Rochelle Martinez: Pretty good.
Rochelle Martinez: There's no arguing. They're fighting no bad the floors.
Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do have a goal on here that was about attending a NA meeting. It says client will attend NA meeting at least once a month has that continued to be something that interests you, or did it doesn't seem like that was really were you doing it more for me.
Rochelle Martinez: No, I was
Rochelle Martinez: I was doing it for myself to find more resources out in the community and
Rochelle Martinez: I haven't attended at
Rochelle Martinez: All 2020
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah 2020
Rochelle Martinez: attended a couple for the end of last year, but I have it by 20 at this
Gwenevere Abriel: time or resources in the community and resources for what
Rochelle Martinez: For me, when nice, it was more about
Rochelle Martinez: Like if I was
Rochelle Martinez: I need a more people to rely on for my sobriety like
Rochelle Martinez: I knew that.
Rochelle Martinez: I could attend a meeting and not be discouraged quiet. The last time before that it had been such a long time that I had ended in me and it was just all negative. So when I went back
Rochelle Martinez: Now, and I was actually focused on my sobriety and seeing that there was more positive than there was negative there so long.
Rochelle Martinez: Just being able to interact with somebody
Gwenevere Abriel: And how you feeling about that particular goal. Shall I leave it there, we kind of take a peek at what's keeping you from having gone in, in this new year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or it's pretty simple. You're just taking care of the baby.
Rochelle Martinez: I just haven't had any time like even myself to
Rochelle Martinez: Attend one I have the baby like every day. And that's no excuse. You know, they mean
Rochelle Martinez: I thought was just so tired after working
Rochelle Martinez: I just feel bad even going into town.
Rochelle Martinez: I live in her with her tissue works all day long and
Rochelle Martinez: Sometimes you just need to read too much.
Rochelle Martinez: It's just lack of free time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we sit with me. She needs a break for a second. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When do you get yours.
Rochelle Martinez: Usually on Saturday among
Rochelle Martinez: The baby Friday night.
Rochelle Martinez: Until you just use beekeeper Friday night, Saturday night and bring her back end, but because of all the stupid will not do the virus stuff she's been real
Rochelle Martinez: Busy so hospital meeting with state officials with that. So I told her not to worry about it this weekend. They know she was about to have a hectic week. A week to come and get her list as well.
Rochelle Martinez: If I need just a little bit of peace of time I do leave it with my drama and come into my room and just like meditator even when she's not being very united mean we go for a while and just get peace of mind.
Rochelle Martinez: It's not nothing over
Rochelle Martinez: Overwhelming. You know what I mean, like,
Rochelle Martinez: Overwhelmed yes
Gwenevere Abriel: Not having thoughts of using not letting yourself get overwhelmed, you're not being preoccupied with concerns of running into your ex.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what is your would you say your level of life satisfaction is these days.
Rochelle Martinez: Overall life I'm, I'm, like, satisfied you marry me, like the first time in years that I've been sober and just level headed clear headed and
Rochelle Martinez: Just be able to contribute like
Rochelle Martinez: In my family and just I'm pretty good like
Rochelle Martinez: That at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this giving
Gwenevere Abriel: To this baby and of course you're taking on the parent role for your daughter feels good.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a big give
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know, I know. It gives back to you too. I know it's not just for your daughter, it's you're getting a chance to write to be the parent to be that mom maybe hit and miss chance so doing, was it was I hearing that last time.
Rochelle Martinez: I'm somewhat
Rochelle Martinez: Okay, we're both. I was always there for my daughter, you know, to mean like 80% of the time it wasn't
Rochelle Martinez: Like
Rochelle Martinez: For the most part, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me ask the question, Why are you taking on the parent role, instead of your daughter.
Rochelle Martinez: Just wasn't ready and responsible at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: She wasn't ready
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He isn't ready is not kind of
Rochelle Martinez: isn't ready yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she need, what, what would it look like if she was ready.
Rochelle Martinez: I don't even know. I guess to be more mature about it.
Rochelle Martinez: She just never accepted responsibility so they
No.
Rochelle Martinez: Longer words but we're
Rochelle Martinez: Actually is more focused on herself and going to school and doing what she needs to do. Then she is about a baby so
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you and ground on weren't there. Do you think that would be different. She would focus on the baby.
Rochelle Martinez: No, I don't even know if the baby would be in our lives. I think she probably would have given up for adoption. She just wasn't ready at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she ready to have a sex life where she ready to have that kind of intimacy to begin my
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did it come to be that that that happened. Do you think that she ended up being in that type of relationship.
Rochelle Martinez: Teenager, I guess, I don't know, hormones, crazy. I don't know.
Rochelle Martinez: I can't
Rochelle Martinez: I can't think what she was thinking, cuz I'm not her.
Rochelle Martinez: No cerebral no say.
Gwenevere Abriel: No say
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, sometimes you know Karen's kind of set the framework of how to approach sexuality, was that something maybe you had talked with her about or didn't talk with her about
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, we talked about it and
Rochelle Martinez: Just
Rochelle Martinez: When possible, in
Rochelle Martinez: Like even birth control and everything.
Rochelle Martinez: Happens again.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well what something because right now. I think it's time that we reshape the focus
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it be something that you're kind of kind of want to put energy towards it sounds like you've got meditation, you've got that sort of finding peace and quiet for yourself so you don't get yourself overwhelmed, that's a big part of people's long term recovery success.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around this a na. We still got that goal in here, you basically only have a couple
Gwenevere Abriel: One of them is this one. Is it safe to assume you want to leave it here and see what was a once a month was your goal. Do you want to
Rochelle Martinez: Do it.
Rochelle Martinez: Um, yeah, probably. So if I get back into like little
Rochelle Martinez: Little
Rochelle Martinez: Not scheduled but a little routine. Yeah, there you go. Sorry. My brain is just like so. Okay. Yeah, little routine.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: One way to get a new behavior in is to stack it and by stack it i mean
Gwenevere Abriel: You already do certain things routinely. Let's see what's already there every month. Are you already going
Gwenevere Abriel: Near that room and a room is a meeting room. Okay. But you already going near when you drive near that room once a month, you're already driving to go shopping. You're already picking up a script. You're all ready near. Can you see it.
Rochelle Martinez: Not, not really. I'm
Rochelle Martinez: Probably looking if there's something not a little bit closer, but
Rochelle Martinez: Little bit more in the neighborhood. I guess I should take this, this one's about 20 minutes away. So I don't buy it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that might be one of the pieces that we do here is, have you task yourself with looking at I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Closer location. Yeah, okay. So I'll say one action step would be to
Gwenevere Abriel: Locate closer fellowship fellowship location.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what you do is when you set set the schedule. If you can figure out something. Let's say it's picking up a prescription, whatever, you know, I don't know your life, don't, don't get hung up on the detail.
Gwenevere Abriel: you label it. What do you do each month right that you could embed I'm going to add that in my calendar. I'm already in the car, what would it be
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe you're in the car, not with the baby even that might be the key piece.
Probably
Rochelle Martinez: Either picking up a script or
Rochelle Martinez: Running to get drops or
Rochelle Martinez: Even just going to Walmart because I do go for the most part, by myself.
Rochelle Martinez: Okay, well,
Rochelle Martinez: Every week
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh right, think we found one. So already going to Walmart every two weeks and not with the baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be it right there.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, it's, there's at least two steps in here. There's first finding out location and time in the meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then setting in your phone that shopping. You already have it in there. So if it means delaying going to Walmart, a few times. If you don't need those items so that you can be compelled to actually go in two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe you go now and then reset it for every two weeks. This is getting complicated. But the point is, is that that be the thing that it be linked to
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm here, I'm at Walmart. I'm not with the baby. I can go to this meeting and stack it in there just making it a routine. This is what I do now when I go to Walmart and I'm on my own. I go to these meetings.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, I just look I just googled
Rochelle Martinez: A new me
Rochelle Martinez: It looks like there's one
Rochelle Martinez: I think it's a meeting. Okay.
Rochelle Martinez: It's yellow closer to town.
Rochelle Martinez: I think I've attended one of those when I was in the program that that name looks just familiar, but I have to
Rochelle Martinez: Check because the rest are either in Santa fear of tricky. It's either that one or the London.
Rochelle Martinez: Pull off.
Gwenevere Abriel: How close that meeting. Can you see to a Walmart.
Rochelle Martinez: Going to be about maybe three mile 7.1 from
Gwenevere Abriel: What time's the meeting.
Rochelle Martinez: It doesn't say
Rochelle Martinez: Man, this
Rochelle Martinez: Is the location.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any questions about kind of what I'm saying though right now this concept of embedding right stacking another task right next to one that's you're already doing you have any question.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it's pretty simple, right.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I figured. Okay, so we're going to keep that goal. And then the the task for you are to continue moving forward on getting clearer and clearer about when it is and then putting these tasks inside your phone on a calendar telling people about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And protecting it or shell. This one. Oh, this is one of the ones in the protection can start a month beforehand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope. This is the one I let me let me take the baby. Here, let me make sure I go to these extra appointments here but this one. The one I go to Walmart this one. Now I protect this one and why because you are worth it, pure and simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this is one of your tasks that you want to accomplish. You want to make sure you continue to have people in your community that you can talk to and feel connected in and close to
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. So, another one is increase grounding and emotional regulation skills. Tell me just check in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mindfulness exercises like the belly breathing. I've stopped calling it box breathing, because I really want to make sure people are remembering to expand the belly when they're on the inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Flat. Flat. Flat. Flat. Flat on the exhale. So I stopped calling it box breathing and now I'm calling it belly breathing so no one forgets the most important part is that that the expansion of the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that, that, that the air not stay up here that it actually go all the way along. So is it safe to say that one is now just a routine part of your life.
Rochelle Martinez: Yet is just a routine, because even when I'm doing group with them.
Rochelle Martinez: Nominee that's the breathing that I use and
Rochelle Martinez: When I'm having like even just a stressful moment I sit
Rochelle Martinez: I sit here and I just concentrate on my breathing and make sure that my stomach splitting out and then the
Rochelle Martinez: Beautiful uniformly every breath. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so the goal here I set this though, but I probably had you're buying on its. Let me just see how it's, it's probably exceeded even from zero times a week to five times a week. Is it safe to say you've met that goal that you're doing it more than
Good.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, that's what I thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm gonna, I'm going to close this one. But before I do, I want to ask you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have times when it would be nice to use another one, much like the, the one that I can't remember if I've taught you. I probably have we've been we've known each other while now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can see it here. Do you ever remember to do grounding in the five
Rochelle Martinez: Crown is like the one. Is that the one where you're like filling it in your leg and then feeling getting your head.
Rochelle Martinez: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's progressive relaxation. That would be something like aggressive relaxation. Looks like I tighten all of my my toes yeah.
Rochelle Martinez: And I think
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the progressive relaxation. So I, my guess is that a dominate taught that that's fantastic. It's a great one. Even if you're trying to go to sleep. That's a good one to remember this one is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just show it. I think as soon as you see it, you're going to remember it.
Oh, no. Oh, see if the poster poster. I've been showing a couple people. This week, it might still be up
Gwenevere Abriel: When it can't be far, it just showed people to swimming. He
Rochelle Martinez: Does it called grounded five
Gwenevere Abriel: grounding in the five senses it. Yeah, I'm going to show you. I think it recognize that once you see it and we'll just review it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's also a great one. When you know how you maybe you're with the baby and you're noticing you're you're feeling and patient or something's happening you you want to get centered. Again, this is a nice way to get out of your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: And get back into your body. So, in general terms, there's a couple ways to think about coping skills. They're either top down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which means our thinking changes our physiology. We can have a thought. And it can bring our heart rate down, it can bring our respiration down that's top down. We're thinking changes and our body starts to calm down, relax. The other way is bottom up.
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the breath work and this exercise. I'm going to review with you is bottom up, which means the body relaxes and then it tells the mind we're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Autumn up the body tells
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll do this, we can actually do this in vivo, um,
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do it in vivo, which means let's have this exercise be effective with a real event so
Gwenevere Abriel: I do it a little differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up into your working memory.
Rochelle Martinez: But don't
Rochelle Martinez: Let me, let me screenshot it
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So just for a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about something that is a little distressing. Maybe it was upsetting last week or something that causes you a little bit of distress. You don't even have to tell me what it is. But if you want to you can
Rochelle Martinez: It's a clone of area.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you've got it in your mind and there's probably some images that you get that are of concern to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you're thinking about them and just as you think about them. Notice how your heart rate notice your chest. Notice your muscles in your arms and legs, your gut. Just pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: you noticing any tension any tightness.
Rochelle Martinez: I noticed my heart rate on. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is what you do as soon as you're aware of that. So then you take grounding in the five senses and we're going to do this first with data coming through the eyes, not a label, not this is a pencil, but rather data meaning, yellow, black numbers silver shiny.
Gwenevere Abriel: White gray see adjectives that come through.
Gwenevere Abriel: The sense of vision, not a label, not a label is pencil use it, then I stopped. I stopped talking I stop analyzing don't I once I say pencil, but instead I say red, orange shiny angle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Curved flat black numbers, letters writing reflection bumps smooth, round long. Okay. Okay, now you're going to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You say, as many adjectives as you can, try not to put a label on it. And I'm going to give you an object to look at. You ready, here we go. That's right in front of you on the screen.
Rochelle Martinez: Last but it
Rochelle Martinez: Would
Rochelle Martinez: Literally edgy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice, nice.
Rochelle Martinez: Little rigid
Rochelle Martinez: Very nice.
Rochelle Martinez: White in it. No.
Rochelle Martinez: Maybe black
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. Now turn your attention to
Gwenevere Abriel: Put your right hand on something maybe a comforter, or if you've got a little seem on on a on a sweater or something or your glasses. They have lots of different texture right here. There we go. Fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So go to temperature change in texture and just use as many adjectives as you can but not through your eyes through your finger fingertips.
Rochelle Martinez: Cool.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Texture
Rochelle Martinez: Circle.
Rochelle Martinez: Straight
Rochelle Martinez: There's a little invention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. Anything sharp are kind of almost anything like that.
Rochelle Martinez: This is yeah yeah yeah there's something sure I'm right here.
Rochelle Martinez: Raise where they me I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, solid squishy any of that.
Rochelle Martinez: Hard for
Rochelle Martinez: You
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be, it might be
Gwenevere Abriel: well rounded you caught some curve just now. Didn't you get
Rochelle Martinez: Like this. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now let's turn attention to the other sense, we've got another one. We're going to do, which is your ears. Let's bring in data from there so close eyes and turn all your attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: To data coming into your ears and see if you can label as many things as you can and include the tele health include things you might hear through here.
Rochelle Martinez: The ball bouncing
Rochelle Martinez: Like humidifier going
Rochelle Martinez: You will be the cup or something my pencil clicking
Rochelle Martinez: The TV way in the other room.
Rochelle Martinez: My nephew running
Rochelle Martinez: The baby making noises
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, brush your fingers just across your ear and can you hear that, can you hear that as that brushes across your ear.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's beautiful. Any other sounds
Rochelle Martinez: I just turned the water from the humidifier gets did
Rochelle Martinez: You hear my voice. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful keep those eyes close. And now I'd like you to inhale through the nose and see if you can catch some labels of smell.
Rochelle Martinez: And won't be Megan.
Big
Rochelle Martinez: Potatoes.
Rochelle Martinez: Muslim mental mental lead him.
Rochelle Martinez: To be
Rochelle Martinez: A little bit of lavender.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, you're good at this.
Peppermint.
Gwenevere Abriel: And taste what you got in there.
Rochelle Martinez: still taste the toothpaste.
Rochelle Martinez: The body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now focus and scan the body and see. See how it's feeling
Rochelle Martinez: This call
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice your mind really get its best to try to provide as many words as many adjectives to describe from those different senses. It worked very hard to do that.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, it took my mind off what I was thinking before
Gwenevere Abriel: That amazing. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is what I mean by grounding in the five senses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, the way this poster is written. It says five things you see four things you feel three things you hear two things smell. One thing you taste. You can obviously do it that way. But my enhanced way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Means you work even harder up to do it. You grab as many things as you can possibly which means you're you're working so hard in your brain that it can't. It can't focus on that that distress thought
Gwenevere Abriel: Or that distress image. And that's the goal is to get you get you off that neural network that's feeding the fear what might happen to this when I happened to that. So that's what's cool about this and brought and it brings the heart rate down
Rochelle Martinez: So we started with seeing and then we went to a
Gwenevere Abriel: Tactile which is feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. But yeah, so you can you can do it if you
Gwenevere Abriel: Honestly, it doesn't really matter.
Does it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: The mechanism of change has to do with the focused attention. Okay, the ones that are easier to have more access to information is our eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our ears are touch and then we're into smell, and then we're in to taste those last three are hard like you caught more um you caught smooth or rough or whatever. But there's not a lot to to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we pick an object that doesn't have much going on but like this pen would have a lot going on. If this was nearby because look, I've got squishy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even bumps right here and then it goes. There's a rich, then it goes smooth and there's round small and it comes back up and then I've got this
Gwenevere Abriel: This plot. Okay, then it's a bump and then it's smooth there's kind of a hill, then it transitions again and and you can smell. Sure. Dan, and there's a click to moves in. So, this one has a lot to it. Whereas you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: A pencil. Well, if I had this one wouldn't be bad because I
Gwenevere Abriel: Got to go through to sew it all but but that little scarf. You had maybe doesn't have to be.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, if you know what to
Rochelle Martinez: Eat eyes use touch, taste and smell. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I ears, touch, smell and taste because taste last because really, how much are we really going to taste. I mean, if we maybe if you have the ability to pick up. Let's say you like
Gwenevere Abriel: An Indian or a Thai food or something. Maybe you have the ability to pick up on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, sweet coconut lemon grass like maybe you have the ability to do that. And if you're ever in in distress and you want to add more focus can go put something go put chocolate in your mouth while you're doing it. Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: A go put put the, let's say it's an omelet, and you want to really be present with it. I know this sounds really kooky but these cookie things work. So
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And everybody else thinks you're eating. So it's in your mouth and you're just really appreciating it. You know, that's, I can feel the texture that that piece of green pepper and it's kind of squishy mean you can really get into something
Gwenevere Abriel: And focus your mind off of just this negative thought that's the idea is really mindfully doing something so
Gwenevere Abriel: If you do it this way, in a pinch, you're really in a moment. And you were like, I've got. I'm going to take
Gwenevere Abriel: Just 60 seconds. I'm going to walk away from, let's say, a crying baby or someone's upset and I need to collect myself, not only do you have breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the breath will probably help you remember this activity. You've already been breathing for three or four times and then you go do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're even more grounded I yeah you know what, now I've got perspective, this isn't such a big thing. This is a chandelier. This is a privilege dilemma. I'm okay let me go handle my business. Yeah.
Rochelle Martinez: That'll work. This next two weeks with the kids out of school.
Rochelle Martinez: Oh, I'll be here more.
Gwenevere Abriel: All my clients, everybody's like,
Gwenevere Abriel: My kids for three weeks. I'm gonna go
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got to get out the finger paint. We need, we gotta get we gotta get our art supplies together. We need, we need everything we can to get through these weeks. Right.
Rochelle Martinez: Yo, I was on Amazon ordering them.
Rochelle Martinez: Kindergarten work look because I'm sure my nephew will be here. Good amount of the three weeks so was like, No, you're gonna have to share dish and you're going to practice everything you can. You're not going to
Rochelle Martinez: Do we
Gwenevere Abriel: Lose it if we don't practice it, we lose it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and so just from today. Are you noticing that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to add a particular goal.
Rochelle Martinez: I can't even think of a goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Rochelle Martinez: I'll touch on a couple of topics.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interpersonal so for a lot of people. It's about communication, they want to use I statements. They want to know how to mirror
Gwenevere Abriel: The you're not in an intimate relationship right now. That would probably be coming up. That's, that's what's probably missing a big piece in here when you're in an intimate relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course, I don't really want it for people that are in early recovery, because this is the time for self growth but but the the upside of them is
Gwenevere Abriel: The, the almost pressure to resolve.
Gwenevere Abriel: Difficult arguments and topics of child rearing. Who am I now without my substance use. Oh, I haven't been paying attention to how rude. You are how inconsiderate. And now, how do we navigate this new relationship because
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a different person. You're, you're just not the same anymore. But that's not there. So what you and I haven't been bumping into
Gwenevere Abriel: communication challenges.
Gwenevere Abriel: Either that or you're you really soak in. And or just you just doing it magically on your own.
Rochelle Martinez: I i do practice like those much like it example but it's more with like my grandma and my mom. Do you know what I mean it's not nothing
Rochelle Martinez: Nothing intimate, it's just
Rochelle Martinez: For we for when we're having a conversation or whatever. And it's just yeah but yeah
Rochelle Martinez: But it's nothing intimate, it's just
Rochelle Martinez: It's like growth to just talking about like where I am today. And like how I don't need
Rochelle Martinez: Whatever.
Rochelle Martinez: whatever's going on. You know what I mean, like how it changed from here today, and they all just sit there and we talked in yeah we'll see me in person. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what I don't hear from you. I don't hear my grandma is so self centered. My grandma so critical. I don't hear because you don't make complaints, might it may very well see how you're shaking your head. You're like now. So you're very blessed, Rochelle. It means that
You are
Gwenevere Abriel: When, when the smoke cleared right you have a lot of support, you have a lot a lot a very blessed. Some people when it clears away. They see the toxicity of their family members, right, you're hearing it in group right they're having to really set clear boundaries.
Rochelle Martinez: Were with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All you had to do was right, stop turning towards the substance and escape and just settle down and let the love in spend time with your family have just these loving people in your life and you're very fortunate. Not everyone has that
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: You hearing that sometimes like you'll hear about a really like almost violent and abusive people in people's lives to revere those
Rochelle Martinez: Ingredients yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what I'm saying is part of I think sometimes for us is you have a lot really going for you and and really it's about this chemical dependence, which you are kicking its tush.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we're before, maybe it was this life satisfaction piece, do I remember early on, do I want to go to school. I don't know what I want to study. Now you have embedded in your life meaning by being
Gwenevere Abriel: This baby's mother, basically. So you have
Rochelle Martinez: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of, I think, found your purpose. At this point, and she's going to grow and if
Rochelle Martinez: You're going to be faced with a
Gwenevere Abriel: Mind you,
Gwenevere Abriel: And so your challenge. It sounds like right now is getting still putting yourself as an invaluable important person equal to everybody else that's that's a little vulnerability still where your time is
Gwenevere Abriel: Important as anyone elses and getting out and going to these support meetings, making sure
Gwenevere Abriel: That you don't deny
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, this is the part the unknown for me. Don't deny yourself the same right to intimacy to romantic intimacy out of fear.
Rochelle Martinez: I don't think it's out of fear. I think it's, um,
Rochelle Martinez: I'm just too busy working on myself now. And I guess there is a little bit of fear.
Rochelle Martinez: But I think it's just me being selfish because right now I just need to work on myself and not worry about somebody else.
Rochelle Martinez: Okay, stuff like that. I think that's just where I like
Rochelle Martinez: Don you feel right now. Do you know what I mean, like, right now it's just I need a better Rochelle before I did.
Rochelle Martinez: He have any good to anybody else. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get the philosophy, but the inverse of that. If I say, well, what are, what are your goals for shell, you'll have a hard time telling me how you are bettering yourself.
Like you won't be able to go
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't know what they are. I don't know how to
Get behind
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to say
Yeah.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so it's probably going to be around something like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's that's because I saw a tiny glimmer of it when you are starting and they don't last long, because you have a way of resolving tension on your own. Very well.
Gwenevere Abriel: I saw a glimmer of it when your ex was back in the community. Again, and there was a concern. I will bump into her and I will follow her. I will listen
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will let go of what I need, what I want, but I believe in. I will almost Stephen I use wording like this all abandoned myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: For this other person. That's what I used to do. And I might do it again. Now that's a very, those are general terms, I know, those aren't your wording. I know that's not how you know
Gwenevere Abriel: I got a glimpse of it and we were able to, we did some MTR around it. We did some hard work right there with it and then you showed here today. It's just not present for you, but I can't help it, but say if we aren't out testing our environment, we're not finding out in real time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I have what it takes to mind my own boundaries to respect what I need. What I want protect my recovery in the presence of someone who I want in my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you balance, what you need, what you want with someone else's needs and wants. If you're not practicing it you, I know you're doing it with your family, so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's crushing I'm confident about that, but I got a glimmer of it that something really different happens to you when it's romantic and I can't deny that something was different.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a boundary. That's a will maintain myself, do I value myself in the presence of someone who I'm attracted to where love might be on the line here and I'm so used to for going what I want for someone else. That's what love look like then we'll like go do that same thing
Gwenevere Abriel: These are important pieces and so
Rochelle Martinez: We have, is it but
Rochelle Martinez: To not be able for me not to have
Rochelle Martinez: Been in that situation, it's like hard to answer any of it because I don't know like
Rochelle Martinez: I know what what I want to do and what I want to say, but without being in that situation. I can't say for sure. Right, exactly what's going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now the plus is if you go do this other thing where you actually are going to the fellowship meetings, believe it or not, what you are going out in the community, which means you risk being attracted to someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so for me it's an opportunity, it's you're going to be interacting with non family members, which means those same skills that you need to maintain which you need want and prefer
Gwenevere Abriel: Your ability to maintain those I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't think this person is funny. He's kind of rude, I'm really want to sit next to him, you pay attention you honor that or hey, she's, she's too cute. Oh my gosh, I feel so nervous. What is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh we okay that's important. We get to find out how you are around those feelings, but it's it's still very relevant. So to me, when you get out in the community. We still get to kind of bump into opportunities for some of these skills to be tested.
Rochelle Martinez: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll go ahead
Rochelle Martinez: I'll, I'll pay attention to stuff like that. Yeah, when I do attend all all know it'll be it'll be in the back of my mind. So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, and you'll know it from things like this. You feel confident, you're like okay, these five people. It's nothing. Nothing's happening not not anxious, nothing's going on unless I was a blessed day whenever, all of a sudden, you got a butterfly.
Rochelle Martinez: Now, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I want to leave.
Rochelle Martinez: Now let's just get out of here.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm going to want to hear about right there. Yeah, yeah, you feel me. Yeah. That's the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to want to get to know those feelings too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I don't want you to deny yourself the same enjoyment that everybody else has access to. Okay.
Rochelle Martinez: I don't. Sure. Okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll stick with the the goals, we've got here, since it has some nice byproducts of getting you on the Community, which we just talked about. And you're saying you can identify anything in particular, as far as a communication skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or in any particular conflicts with anyone, your ability to
Gwenevere Abriel: sort of manage the demands of children, you've been able to really hone in on those right you're not completely overwhelmed by them. You can set limits with the kids. These are these are things you didn't have when we first met, I'm impressed. Yeah. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put something out. Um, I was going to be out of the state. But if everybody canceled on me. So I'm not leaving the state anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like okay so much for that training.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seattle. So let me
Rochelle Martinez: Know, going to be in Seattle radio
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that there's a lot of I've got exposure to different kind of an international kind of place, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just stay out of there. Now they canceled it anyway. On a gone. I was just gonna be like, whatever. I'm gonna I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Gonna go I'm sitting at
All
Gwenevere Abriel: Compromise. So I thought I'll just go
Rochelle Martinez: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're gonna do it through zoom. I'm like,
Rochelle Martinez: I get to stay away room and get
Gwenevere Abriel: Stuck in here all day talking about
Rochelle Martinez: Was gonna play anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me just take a peek here that would put us over to
Gwenevere Abriel: April.
I go over to
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't remember if right these days you've been preferring
Gwenevere Abriel: Somewhere between like nine and 11 kinda in there is that been something you've liked
Um,
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, but it probably be
Rochelle Martinez: Better between seven and nine just
Rochelle Martinez: This baby still sleep at that time. So I'm able to me. Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, I don't have anything right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: People meet weekly but there's nothing penciled in this far ahead. So we are going to get whatever you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: So pick a day. That's not a typical group day, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And I mean, it can be
Gwenevere Abriel: Friday, April 3 at seven can, you know, would that work.
Rochelle Martinez: Um, yeah, let's go ahead and do it Friday, April 3
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll send a text reminder, the day before. I mean, assuming I remember I've been pretty pretty consistent with that to help people kind of check their own schedule. But if something comes up so the sooner you put it in your calendar.
Rochelle Martinez: I will type it we say
Gwenevere Abriel: Going. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll, you'll be the first. Sometimes I have a 6am that moves bi weekly there but you might be my first client at the time. Okay, we've got that one set. Now do you need any need you need it and message. The doctor anything. I'm assuming you've been getting your medication.
Ordered and yeah
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, I'm good. I am
Rochelle Martinez: Since I missed that group. You put me to go back to two weeks, I guess, until I don't know when that I am I'll see him on when day
Rochelle Martinez: This one day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just, just to remind you, if you do want to still work with Dr brielle
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if you remember, but we do have because your morning you didn't use to like the morning. So, now get review, we do have a seven in the morning group on Tuesdays.
Rochelle Martinez: And Thursdays.
Rochelle Martinez: Yeah, okay.
Rochelle Martinez: And you'll
Rochelle Martinez: Be going back because yeah I'm even it's even like a struggle to get my script like with Dr element like even a Wednesday attended group. And finally, Friday afternoon.
Rochelle Martinez: CBS was able to while I find I called Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. And then finally, Friday, I guess they got ahold of Dr element right heart good and
Rochelle Martinez: I don't even know if who wrote it. If it was him or Dr. Weil CBS. I guess it's still having trouble with his DNA or I don't know what yet still so
Rochelle Martinez: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Give it some thought. You don't have to make up your mind right now, I'm just reminding because your, your whole framework is so different than, you know, a year or two ago. It's just, it's just so different. You become this morning person.
Rochelle Martinez: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because of necessity to be with the little one, so give it some thought that gives lots of
Gwenevere Abriel: Time to make sure that script gets done you can plan your day you go get it. Just throwing it out there. And I'd love to have you at seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: So give it some thought you'd be back with Dr Arielle so just give it to me just text me, let me know. All it is is I just move your name over to not a big deal. Okay. All right. Be good to know you're in the in April, or I might see you again. And if you tell me
Rochelle Martinez: Okay, take care. Have a great day.
You too. Bye.